all right I been an updated Studio Tour
because there is some new stuff since
the last time you guys have seen it so
first of all this here is a desk with
this pegboard it's by Corsair actually a
lot of people don't expect that from a
computer company but they did a great
job with it uh the world's largest
iPhone is still here but it's kind of
retired doesn't really do as much even
though it takes up the space uh but
speaking of retired a lot of people
asked oh wait how do you still have the
coffin it's sort of in the back of the
studio tucked away cuz you wouldn't want
it in the middle of the studio that's
kind of a weird vibe I guess um and then
we have the podcast Studio which is also
um it's pretty similar to last time
probably you'd recognize most of the
stuff in the same spot that typically is
um oh sorry that's yeah that's a not
really showing people that yet um anyway
okay podcast Studio you guys have seen
the c500 and everything in here before